1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?


 Answer: Home of the U.S governments Open Data. Over 400k datasets available.


2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?


Answer: There 402,371 datasets found.


3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?

Answer: Because the things lists effect human health in way one or another. Agriculture is the food we eat. Environment sis an array of things but i see a dataset talking about the air quality which effects our health.




4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

Answer: By clicking on the USDA logo.


5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.



6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

Answer: State department of Maryland, Montgomery County of Maryland.


7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?

Answer: When nutrition is searched the results are about assistance programs. Focused feeding people. When food composition is searched we get more details on the actual food.

	a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
	used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
	to find what you’re looking for.




8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.

 

	a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
	get? What happens when you click on a result? 
		Answer: You find the nutrients and ingredients of the food selected.


	b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
	kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
	more information on the data types available? 

	Answers:

	You find Data types named: Foundation Foods, branded, Supporting data

	Files in csv, json, ms access
	

	The size of the files range anywhere from 300k to 3.1G
	
	Clicking data type documentation.









